title:One&Two 
{
I don't remember much about you;
Except you were someone last week 
And you were someone a month before 
And you were everyone inside of me, 
And I was bleeding from my lungs, bleeding out of my mouth, caving inward on myself- veins giving up, liberating- 
Is it weak to repeat, over again the same three letters? My eloquence just a run on sentence that is sometimes humoured as endearing or vulnerable, or expressive. 
And now, 
Here you are, standing anew- 
Between me, mopping up where I once was, 
If I'm being honest- let me tell you, of all the half bloomed moments- of sitting drunk on roof tops- over looking the city and the peaceful meanderings, 
Of never really meaning very much, but in that moment I was everything, 
And it was my sex, 
It was between MY thighs and that means something right? That means something that these are my legs, and my belle choser, 
were mine and mine alone- but were they? 
Because every unhallowed hell, rode my back and stuck with me, every man, every body- clung to me while I looked in the mirror- took pieces of me, was drawn in by my love,
And I could not help but open up, 
I could not help but refuse to treat others how I have been treated.
}

title:Goal Oriented
{
I'm progressive in the sense, 
That sometimes I talk about masturbation at the dinner table, and the people im with, we can laugh- 
We can shrug- watch a 'taboo' dissolve into our drinks, to be poured down our stomachs and disposed of later. Watch the wide eyes, slightly weary in explanation- but not progressive for the sake of- not the true essence... 
Progressive in the sense, that my tumblr isn't all sad- 
Unrelenting in my discontent for those that express an emotional connection over me. 
The earth is not your trash can, so I don't get why you're laying in the grass- like it's yours. Nothing is, no ownership. 
I'm not sure if my heart is just lazy or I am dying- 
And I don't mean that as a metaphor for love. 
Just that, I'm progressive in the sense that you can see the anemia in my eyeballs, progressive enough to be missing a nutrient or two- 
But can't cross the road without the lights telling me to. 
But my day has been nice, slightly hungover- living inside my head- listening from an abstract place, the blossoming affair of existential dread and self awareness. 
But people need a little more than just an abrupt text with some nudes- a careful cultivation- I would just rather pet your dog than talk to you. 
I guess I really don't care that you think we should just be friends- but what's the end game? Am I in time out? 
Goal oriented is a term of phrase- a pairing of words that I didn't know I cared for up until this point but now I'm intrigued and these thoughts are brought to you by that pairing. My body is only goal oriented but not my mind- isn't that fun? 
We will never truly know, just what's being said by the subtle gestures our bodies force, I'm progressive to know the ones I fake. Which happens a lot. 
But lifes just a fast moving river- you have to keep up. Or something like that... 
}

title: Do you want more?
{
All I need from time to time is to feel the bend behind my bones- in my muscles. 
Don't care much for the sidewalks only the street. 

Really, 
I just am where I always am. 
Invest your time and you will find, little crow that you have always been.

Let me wrap you in my words, your body a story I could never stop telling, would never dream of the end, sometimes I feel around you, like the last ghost to walk the earth- 

Delicate situations slit the seams that hold my skin. 
Got weak ankles. Not meant for standing tall, not meant for standing at all. 
Hazey cityscapes are my one and only escape. 

Nothing, no nothing reassures me like gaps in the path, 
when the stars are blurry in my eyes, and the snow at my feet is freezing through my shoes. 
But I'm alive- and I hate the day time. When I'm looking up to look down, seeking silence. 
The one true form of wisdom. 
When I wonder where the tracks lead, over the frozen water. 
Can only pack into boxes, rigorously place inside everything I could not organize on the outside. That will be my secret until the end of time. 
Now, only look for dirt in the corners, I have you here- after all.
I've kept my old calendars, 
reset watches and turned around mirrors in hope that I might slow down time. 
Not wanting to see the future, I've hidden in the past. Kept on blinders and became best friends with my own tunnel vision,
been unwilling to look long enough. 
Ultimately I will remain unfound
}

title: Friends to eat 
{
Conventional definitions beating me over the head
Boring bricks and greyscale landscapes,
The mother that ate its young. 
That which can be said for raw passion can be said for banality. 
Dropping off the map- where the side walk ends, for a day- for a week. 
Just want to hang in the darkness and not be touched by the slippery hands of sunlight. The moon a little more nuanced and understanding of my soul- in these times.
Half hearted hugs- don't watch me as I walk away 
Sorry I won't stay.
Won't keep in touch, but we'll get along fine, your ghost and I. Next season is just a gamble, anyway.
No, 
don't come hangout with me 
Not when I ask you, 
Is not when I need you. 
Will only find the way to drain the blood from your cheeks.
No I won't walk on hallowed ground. 
Dip my hands into holy water, not for you, not with you.
Pick apart the parts, that say to you- "this is all true."
Of course these words are all like I said they would be- because I said them, spread them out from my lungs to drop down rhythmically at your ear drums. 
Fully conscious of my frailties- my realities, at the time of day when my eyes see through honey.
Fully conscious of my short comings- stripped down, laid bare. When I need to reach out at the air, just to say, "I am still here."
Only happy when there are dead girls around them 
- swaying back and forth around them, 
not too much
not too soft 
-Don't you touch 
But It makes me anxious, 
All of your swaying and your staying
Placid stares at the stairs 
I want to go down... 
}

title:Exorcism
{
Prayed to the wrong God- unfulfilling offerings 
Only youth works, when you spit it on the floor, roll it across- 
Got a voice- only somewhere stuck in my throat. 
Lay me down- and it's not for effect. 
I guess I'm just surprised when I don't see you.
How does a story work? Characters falling out of roles- and that's real life. 
you asked me if I felt your hands, asked me if I felt- 
to bring me back- bring me straight back 'here' But you asked me if I felt your hands, asked me if I felt- to bring me back- 
bring me straight back 'here' 
How many times can I repeat myself, how many times before something starts to stick? Lots of layers, that should be, that could be washed off in any water- where is it now? Where are you now? 
Craziest in my head- so give me and hand and pull me back out from it. 
You asked me if I felt your hands, 
asked me if I felt- to bring me back- bring me straight back 'here' But you asked me if I felt your hands, asked me if I felt- to bring me back- bring me straight back 'here' 
A distinct danger in the dangling of my limbs, well if I'm dying make it quick. What's it all worth? 
Placing papers on plates, with silver and amber- no thirst is quenched- can't eat it. Hungry for something much deeper than memory. All of it wasting my time in the form of blurred colours- if you think it is, it is. Better to sleep with a theory. 
An idea of touch. 
I don't feel 'you.' I can't feel your hands, and that's not my fault. 
}
title: Communion 
{
People just outgrow themselves- 
And you are just finding yourself through me, 
Like it were all the same- because it is- 
Ask me to finish my sentences, not with a finger on or "in" my mouth, 
Eat my art 
How do I know I'm not dead in a bath? 
Stopped- strewn along in traffic- or floating in the under belly of the canal? 
When I am ready to be broken I will know just where to go- looking something like you, 
I don't understand brick work 
You were right-when you said I write to understand
I throw little parts of different people- in the form of lines that seem out of place- to make them whole, to make them mine, under time. 
Keeping everyone real in memory 
What do I do when I get what I want? 
No more celebration between sex and death, 
Would you live a little longer if you could?
Not as lighthearted as they think I am. 
No need to reread over the words again, when you know in your deepest parts just what is being said. Is it easy enough for you? Don't say you don't see it.
People just out tire themselves- 
And you are just finding yourself through me, 
Like it were all the same- because it is- 
Won't ask me again to finish my sentences. 
So, I forgive myself for you. 
Stop complimenting my mind- make this transactional or don't- but do not leave it hanging by thin fingers, I will go over the ledge with out you- if you tell me to- even if you don't. 
You want to swallow into my darker parts- it thrills as it kills- you would take heart from remembering that death is just a part of the cycle. All my emotions heightened at potential- where is this disconnect, the failure to communicate. 
}

title: Pretense 
{
Hoping for the sun- for the sum of it all to equal the parts, the pain, the disheveled looks a crossed the cloth. 
Dead on the table - no I don't want to go. 
Apple in mouth, spoons and forks. 
No I don't want to leave. 

So wrapped up in- suffocating in. We are our problems.
Little hells, tiny spells running underneath, 

Hoping to blot out my eyes, and cross my tee's. 
Never to be anything more than my own worst nightmare- shadows crawl across the ceiling. 
I've met these people that don't matter in a place I'll never care for- won't stare forward. 
Stairs- and I fall upward. Never heard
Consequences in the concrete- stoic looks down at my feet. 

When given the chance I... When given the chance I stumble- in the fray. 
On the skyline- lost stars from the city- needless to say I,- 

Habitats of humans- And we all lose. Not a foot in the door, or hand on the rail. 
We've got the streets bleeding into our eyes, 
Wavering, fading- sinking. Who were we, how did we feel? 
And how did I do. How do you do? 
Words haunt, make noise and I am in the ever observant void, hoping for the sun- yearning for the light to dry up my blood 
}

title: My dead body 
{
November is not a month that exists- if anything, none of them 'really are'
It's like we are both staring directly into accidents when staring at each other- gory scenes in the glimmer of an eye, somewhere in that- you are the moon, the sun & all the beauty in-between.

The wind- like I, longs to wrap around you. The leaves of trees yearn to feel your skin brush up against. 

Well, it rained hard in the morning but not in the evening and I'm sure that speaks for something larger- you slept with your bags out on the couch- which I'm sure is symbolic for something much larger. 

You are not as happy as I once was- crawling through the window again- because I forgot my keys- yes it means more, and also nothing at all. 

Memories pollute the streets, the air I breath- with no alternate ways home I walk beside where you were- where I was. 
Seeking out answers in the street
everyone is all the same in old houses made to look new.
Every side street I pass fills me with a longing to know more-that I can't hold on to.
Every stranger in the night with bigger places to go- I want to hold, touch- feel each other story.
Become more than just something to pass by under a street lamp- hold out my heart, feel the faces of each shadow that run by. 
I will know. 
Where am I supposed to hold this inside of me? Who will wipe my glass bones? 

Something like a forsale sign straddles between my ribs, above my diaphragm. 

What about me says nice posture? Or functional? 
}

title: Thin skin, lost body
{
My body as a weapon,
Sometimes fires the wrong way.
Requires forces who do not handle it properly.
My body as a weapon, sometimes takes up friendly fire.
All the while I am at a loss as to whether I should rejoice or apologize.
Wish that I knew more words to accurately convey the right meaning for once.
My body, dressed in sheer purple, illuminated by silken flames-
hang from my silhouette, swing low from my silhouette.
Boys' a body too, taken down by my own.
Shadowy fingers trace the outskirts of this body, can't say I feel.
The sentiment all the same, even if the torsos have (but) slightly changed.
My body does not asked to be named (although it should)-
remaining nameless, spilt milk is what it always is, tragic little reminder that it is.
Much more prone to a sad sickness that it sometimes forgets-
takes on all shapes, moves in dangerous ways,
preferring the deeper darkness that binds a moth, binds the bee.
Binds me.
A sick sadness that holds my body down farther- binds me deeper.
My body as a tool, my body never as it is, My body.
}

title: A Non verbal learning disorder called, "a heart full of something like love or lust."
{
Lying to myself, like that's what I'm paid to do- but I'm not. 
Lying to myself in the form of you- weighed out,
Picking up the scraps- 
That are left around on the floor 
On the ground, 
That undulate and writhe when not put to good use. That cry out for purpose- for meaning. 
Carelessly forgotten about-
The places that you live inside will only keep you for so long- 
The places that you love inside will only hold you for a little bit of time. 
Breaking into the skin of another- 
Silent thief in the streets, 
Grave robber, waiting for bones to get ahold of, 
You saw me weightless- like ashes from a volcano. 
I like the magic, the mystery- most of all I like it when you say you are not afraid. 
Of me. 
You are so lovely and there is just so much of me, 
That I will soon move toward you like a rogue Galaxy- slowly ripping you apart piece by piece, 
by the insides and it will be nothing short of beautiful and catastrophic at the apex- until we are nothing but broken, hollowed shells. Tell me again how my sex is a celebration? 
I know that one day you will want me again, 
Consumed- and you will spiral into me
Every lover that you are- is laying behind another, sunken head. 
There is a time, and a place- but I have not found one. Living outside what constitutes as quantifiable. Just like you. And you. And you. 
Here now, gone tomorrow- 
Wait- late night, at the park- to crave love 
- that's what I did 
And I'm impressed with more than just how you are dressed. 
You can't go out of your way like that- when all you really want is love
Laying on benches- that are better than beds, to find in the dark, things that are not whole in the light. 
A late night snack- to get the taste of cum from my breath- the way you taste must leave me- 
I will be left alone with my bones, 
When the love runs out from my lips- when each hand rubs down from my legs 
My soul knows a lot more than I do 
Let people have what they have; until they have no more 
And fill them up with all you have; until you have no more 
In the end, 
What I do not know is much more important that what I do- 
Who I find myself picturing, while holding you. 
}

title: Lawless 
{
And every mattress has a stain or something wrong, 
That, with the movements of my body- I uncover 
My only hope is snow coming from the ceiling 
In the city I am dead, seeing you on my side.
Gauging success in the palms of little children- who don't know any better. 
If this is wrong, if this is right- judging the judgemental for all that they are worth and every flaw that falls off their backs. 
Frustration in the feet and fingers. In sore eyeballs- that have seen too much but not enough. 
There's a lot of disinterest- 
But not when I'm undressed 
And that makes this easy- but not me. 
And you can have your opinions, 
that responsibility is based out of obedience, and I would laugh and continue on. 
}
title: Malt shop blues 
{
I stood in front, sucked my fingers inside my mouth, stopped the words from coming out
- you moved past. 

Kept my priorities in check, building up and building up to let go. 

Your fingers around my neck, my hand on your cheek.
Screaming let me in. 

So we danced our daily lives hollowed faces, in the city streets. Passing cars with lost lovers, meanwhile our desires laid under covers, undercover. 

But I have kept my priorities in check, the stories that I tell myself to stay numb, but you are just lingering in the distance, hanging off my heart. 

he city get so lonely, and we are just more souls to sell. Not to hold. 
Our bones are too cold, the nights are so dark because the lights are so blinding- all I want is too lay down, follow me underground- I don't want these words to lurk in the atmosphere, want them to find meaning between us. 

So I have kept my priorities in check, with every burning passion that you fuel in me every time our eyes catch, and you- you remain unaffected 
}

title: “It will look good on a resume”
{
The office hum- 
hung me up to dry, 
no more warmth between thighs, 
Hush- hush. 
Whispered solemn stares, 
Silence.
Early morning, 
Dark roasted coffee- too bitter, 
Lights glare. Old dreams stare on. 
Click, click, click 
And I would unzip- 
Unwrap, 
you- overtop of paper templates and photocopies, 
Stare at you from across a grey landscape and picture every way my tongue could trace over you.
Hot breaths,
Pressed up against- the cubicle- 
Something in the air of the municipal- that makes my skin seethe and bare teeth over your presence- of and for you..
}

title: Nothing is personal in business or war 
{
Terms and conditions falling out from my eyes;
Now I guess I'm a little less scared of death.
Probably would have called you, told you how lonely I really was- I just didn't know who you were…
Trying to keep in touch like I had hands that could dial numbers on a phone- not really satisfying the yearning.
Bruised knuckles and battered bones, frayed fingers fall at the slightest shift of a button.
Sort of like a tourist, with no specific destination but stagnant and sober.
Wilted flower of a child. On my own, I did not think I would become so alone-
remember that when I was built, words like lonesome were seared into my seems.
Following my whims until the sickle fell out.
I'm sure it was all there before or maybe half sure- never really know how often I really look at things and see.
What a time to be alive.
You brought me everything except for myself, was that unfair?
Pack me up in your suitcase- bring me back to my body, somewhere by a familiar place.
Europa was just a warning,
It's 2am- thoughts are strange when they should be sleeping.
It's 2am and, My internet should connect.
This is what I pay for - kicks me off and I think to myself Maybe this is a sign, that I should rest.
Tell myself that this is what I pay for and I will sleep when not 'preoccupied' (which is?)
It's 2am, my internet should connect- the watchword- haven't you heard?
It strikes me from behind me bed- that I am in an all too realistic relationship with technology- but not myself.
Stranded in the disconnect.
Unpack the fine lines on my face,
'moreover', 'henceforth', 'furthermore' things are 'okay'...
}

title: To send or not to send
{
I make up for my opinions with bad posture, 
Let my little lies work so that we might find some peace of mind- or something like it. 
Expression, what's need from me- from you.
Someone with painted palms 
feels down the street
Pulling sheets down off clothes linesyx. 
Someone with painted palms- kissed my forehead, 
And I fell down, ripped down silk sheets. 
Making good choices, 
because I know you'll hurt me and I don't need to feel your fingers in my brain to know that it's going to bring another full fledged rain 
We are conventions- some 'type' of expressions. 
Carving up versions of ourselves to offer in the deeper districts. Carving up ourselves for professionalism- illiterate at the body language- don't mind my bad posture/ crossed arms. I promise I'm inviting. 
I have some that are mine 
I have some that are yours 
I have some that are mine 
I have some that are yours 
Putting stress on the 
Buttons 
Wait to press play, to download- pirating happiness 
Torrenting emotions, virtual romance. 
Tell me again that the beginning needs to be capitalized- that there really is a 'u' in colour. 
How can I fuck with love when I've got a heart shaped hole behind my ribs?
suppose you could edit it out. 			still feels the same. 
}

title: NSFW: the mixed messages chronicles 
{
I will fuck you until you love me, 
find your shadow to be wrapped up in mine 
(I'm sorry) 
Almost like you save me when you go harder- longer. 
But not quite. 
Pulling my hair back from behind, my eyes see nothing but black- might feel the warm slippery hands of colour, but making that stick is much more difficult. 
Tell me how you want it, I would tell you I've been good, but that has no place anywhere near me. No time for real words, 
sweet submissions, letting you in. 
In this moment I don't care- 
latch on to my body with your arms, with your legs. Anything to go deep, find you in my depths. Roll over my collar bone, press on to my stomach- how does it all feel? Why does it all feel? 
Let me hold you, while I tell you we are not friends- just that you are good company and I want to be left to rest...
(Don't listen to me while I am like this) 
hold me, while my body dangles.
Don't look at me when I am sprawled out, cruel on my limbs. See past my hollow body, for your sake, for my sake. 
I need you to be around my neck. Better yet to just be around- saviour spoken at the sound, I was trying to tell you to stay in my life, I only knew how to show you with my bare skin. 
And I will kiss at your feet until you know what I've done- and why I deserve this, not that anyone really does and I hope you see that. 
(I'm so very sorry) 
}

title: Chaos and Carbs (Weird places of pain)
{
You make cool art 
And I am just sad 
You distort your body, you use ropes and leather cuffs to bind down different limbs. 
Red ropes, that I thought looked nice, that I thought were pretty but they were not meant to be pretty. 
And you study the places and the use of space, much more than I will understand. 
The urban geography. 
In a concrete jungle- is that too cliché? Park settings and placements, understanding the bodies of trees more than I will ever understand, but more then you will ever understand me... 
Understand? 
Get it now? 
The onetime that I saw inside your room, it made me uncomfortable how boring it was. Maybe you had a fetish here and there, 
but a bland bed and white walls to match, make me wonder about how you rest your head at night. When in the living room, everything was so personal. 
I had a feeling that when I got lost and had to ask for directions, I probably should have just went home but I am far too determined. Have I made this personal enough? Because that is what makes me tick, I guess I really do find exposing myself intimate. You wouldn't really know that. 
Right now I'm more fixated on all the things I do not know. How hungry I am and there is nothing in my fridge. I wanted to turn you into a hospital, when you needed one of your own. I am sorry for that. 
Weird places of pain ultimately become predictable places of pain and you and I become just like everyone. 
You could have taught me a thing or two, let knowledge soak in my skin, instead you just pulled out and left me to clean up the mess. The things I would have let you do.
Go back to your books and your boards- don't speak to me I'm bored.
Bind yourself in your boring room, with your boring bed, it's all the same now anyways. 
}
title: Smother
{
Casually ripping teeth from my mouth- 
So that I really can wish you the best, 
So that I can, (with a bloody mouth, that turns yours from blue to red) softly kiss the cold sacred parts on your skin. 

What I was really waiting for was, "this isn't going to work," "you're cool, but..."
Like I forced it from you with my impatience. 
Like this was a test that the sick parts of my subconscious wanted to see which one of us would make it through- 
with the end results only striking up an "I told you so." 

The voices that float around me scream "it's not you! It's not you"- and they insert a quote by some avant grade- new aged author or some pseudo emotionally literate film- that finds sadness to be beautiful.

There is no beauty about needing to borrow other limbs to hold yourself.

With all the abstract analyses, I don't care for. 
I am frantic in finding solutions and questioning each cycle- when I know I know that I could be 'more patient' could be less full, or quiet. 

I'm not interested in asking "is this too much" is my 'heart' too much? 
Because I know it is- I can't keep carrying it around- why do you think that I've placed it severed on the table, looking like "here I made this for you" in those moments I have to ask "would anyone work- and if so why does this hurt?"
Wouldn't you drown yourself with me? Don't answer- you won't even answer just help me with my back pain, break my spine, 
help me with my head pain crush my skull- the illusion of productivity. Yet you can't do that either- with my love- I took out the last bit of love from your finger tips- 
}

title: Everybody's favourite fragile bird 
{
Do you know Spanish yet? 
Or how to hold down my heart- 
How to build a proper deck, 
And eat me on it- 
Our lives just tiny little
Strange little, 
Unfortunately timed little, 
Stop motions. 

Crush, smack- she is a nightingale 
Attractive young man with his head in the sand 
Don't compare yourself to others/ don't share yourself with others 

Screaming out with watery eyes- "I can't help you" to every one and two in tasseled clothing. 
While on my way to buy shiny shirts. 
For what it's worth I am so sorry, but you can't buy safety with my empathy. 
You can't survive off my heart ache. 
And I will go home- 
Sit at a screen- 
Forgive myself (sort of) 
}

title: Same name, different boy
{
North Carolina hurt me. 
No I'd never been, in person.
Maybe I was just searching for something that wasn't
Grasping at straws as they say.
But if you've ever actually tried grasping at straws you would know it's not that difficult depending on how many you want to grasp. (Maybe I just don't get the concept)

Don't get greedy. 

I wasn't. Or thought I wasn't? It's so hard to really look at yourself, 
there are parts of my history I've totally forgotten, I just didn't want to have to lump you in there also.

For things to work, the spaces in-between need to be smaller. 
My lower back is sore, and that has nothing to do with you, although I wish it did. 
Now I'm just using passive aggression as expression- it disgusts me. 

But I realize there are differences in everything and even though a touch might feel one way, the true meaning will always be lost in translation. 
I tried to lie and say I was simple, one of my major organs just wants to be accepted and loved. I just want to get it transplanted and be done with that. 
I already know I've idealized and looked passed what was really there, 
I'd make an excuse and say I'm at a weird place in my life but I will always be in a weird place. 
Maybe on a Saturday afternoon, we will hangout and pretend that we don't have a lot of shit going on.
 Or maybe we'll just become those people who say they will and then never do, seems we will become self-fulfilling.
 }

title: Unnamed 
{
You only like the EROTIC STUFF,
So at least you came- on my back.
And I did not have to see your face.
Because you don't matter very much to me.
You could say that it's a little late to ask, "Is this alright." 
... 
I just watched the breaks give out, that's all. 
my love.
Next time I will ask you how you want it. 
Sitting in a museum 
surrounded by flowers, 
Dancing through the library of death. 
Like little whirlwinds of blonde and brunette and auburn that whistle so soulfully. 
Unabashed femininity floods fields, staring into open spaces behind graceless cattle. 

Words worth a little more than just what you see the first time. 
Unpacking an increased value of mystery through truth. 
Don't worry I won't ever fully describe you. 
At any given moment- and it's over 
Motivate me, stick it to the walls, 
Stick it to the other side- swear you'd never leave never leave this town behind. 
Tell me again, what's too much self-interest? 
No never mind, 
Leave it at that. 
}

title:  Unfinished 
{
Hip young men who want to talk over your hips - 
Today I will wear wider shoes because I have learned from yesterday, not to compare myself to others.
He will not listen to you when you say, 
"Move slowly" not because you cannot handle the fast- and even if you couldn't, (why would that matter)-
But because you said so and that is enough- you said move slowly because that was a position, you never tried. 
He will bob and weave through you, sewing himself absent mindedly on to your side- 
and you- with the extra weight, will seek out the sharpest object to now extract him and your attached skin- like an animal gnawing off a limb.
to get out of a trap- 
25 is just an age, just like 24 or 20- the atmosphere doesn't matter.
}
title: Inner city Squalor 
{
…And I am pissed because I am standing in line to buy a book and I have all these non-problem problems- my feet hurt, 
because my shoes represent a strong longing- and books are much more expensive in Canada and I realize that capitalism cannot sustain me,
 but I rattle at the problem of my generation, "am I bored or just lonely,"- before I pay
I will be whole. 
I will be whole. 

I Will. Be. Whole. 

I'm sure my foot is bleeding now, 
from these shoes, 
the sickly pretence, 
I still manage to use my 'nice voice," if it's for my name sake that I should punish the appendages that allow me to travel- just change my name already. 

I am in the way but I do not wish to sit- 
Rattling, silently battling another problem of this time and place- how much space can I really take up- as a wide eyed pale faced figure, I am murdering my limbs for a stake in professionalism 
I can't make art if I'm talking to you about the weather, or your weekend, or your children- 
What's the use? 
When I cross the road into my side of town- but not really mine- because nothing is, but when I get to the acceptable side where I can no longer wear shoes I allow my tights to say hello with the asphalt. 

I wish I had a bath tub outside, especially with the air the way it is- which you wouldn't know- what do you know? 
I would lay and soak my feet, let the water sting through the cuts- I will not think- I will just create- 
once the drain is pulled I will simply sink with the water. 
}

title: Sick Sad 
{
When you ask how I am- sickly is not the response you want-
But what you want and what you get are something of destitute lovers, 
That see each other only when it is convenient and easy- when each one is tired of the transience, 
So they spit out at each other, sour and subtle- cracking jaws on bricks. 
Can you imagine what the concrete would really look like with their spilled skin? 
How in the throes of bleak, austere and grey- stains would speak to a previous sense of life- even if it did not even whisper of one now. 

When it gets cold in October it should remind you that you really are dying- 
If your feet don't fall off- if you don't spill your soup- do you feel like you need to be pulled up by your spine?

What part of my face do you want to see? 
The part that likes the weather? The part that once cried over a bagel? 
The part that looks down at you while straddling your body, as if to say "harder," so irrevocably emotional- 
Skin is weird in the way that it moves scars. Your rich touch a watermark on my body.

I am spending time with myself, 
which is the opposite of lonely 
Can you truly be alone if you deeply have yourself? Semantics act like prison guards- I am not alone when I am by myself- not today anyhow- 

I would rather text you now. 
Existential and dread, binding up all inside of me 
Let me dress you with heartless hearts, 
I don't like to play dress up in my emotions 
It's true your bed is much comfier than mine //        Let the form fall apart in front of you. 
}
title:  I address this to you
{
It's cold and lonely in the back room
You don't matter very much, in a long home.
Take some responsibility for yourself- for myself
I'm aiming at cohesion here.
And I guess I don't want to sit on the bus the whole way, just want to be outside during the night time.
And if you would have answered me I would have been with you, on your roof  (how do you leave it?)-
casually expressing the need for a secret, intimate voyeurism in the modern day- to witness business men fight, or  punk rock kids hanging off the fringes, rustling the doors of cars- to see if they are unlocked. 
But I won't see that, can only picture from you. 
So it doesn't really matter though, does it? Because I don't know you and you don't know me.
Is it that? Is it me, and here we fall into the insidious trap of trying to rationalize the human heart- but you don't know what you don't know, I certainly do not…
And there it was, washed over me the triumph of something that did not deserve to be excited. The failings of my heart to overcome its grief and trudge onward. This time it said no. Not today. Laid down, persons ambling by- but not my heart. Maybe tomorrow it would say “hello, how are you?” “Hope your day is going well” but this time it said no- not today.
But the grass is so green and sky so blue- I just couldn't muster up, a “hello, hi, how are you”
Losing to good intent and good graces, can't wash my hands clean. Can't get over the look of clear water, 
when I already know.
Life- in hyper color and all the saturation just won't work this week but there's always next week
Wasting so much time, existential as I can be, when I have the time. See, I can't do good by you, just keep making mistakes- regrets that multiply to keep me company.
Striving to be honest-
Still have gotten my heart hurt
And even though, it's hasn't been placed on my sleeve- people still leave, and I receive a type of hollow in my heart. So no “hi, hello, how are you”- not today.
…Right? And you would believe me wouldn't you? Because you should and when I look at you, with unfolded arms- tell you that I've been sad, I've been hurt by others- by myself, bare myself to you- you should believe me. 
With my wides eyes,
You slowly slip sweet sounds into my mind, and yes- yes I am afraid because of those I chalk up to as “before” and I need slow, not because I want it- but because it's everything I'm terrible at.
So in turn, these old moments are ones to reflect on with hints of romantic nostalgia but not ones to be relived- vaguely remember as better than.
See, I can romanticize about the things that haven't happened yet-
I am not alright to write-
 just because I put it out there, does not mean I should, does not mean I'm being honest, does not mean it works to my benefit and I say that with a meaning that even I can't accurately spread out. 
When I want to tell you how I truly feel I will put it in prose, and there it will have all the meanings and I will feel them all- how is that for being direct and to the point.
As long as you come back,
I am not afraid of the bodies that slide through the cracks- and lay hands over your crevices, like I said I'm aiming at cohesion here.
}
title: I have no direction
{
Finding the way, or something of it-
like you would not think.
This- that and the other, all take up next to me,
sit down- tell me, I do not have the time, tell me time is all I have,
contradictions causing deep ceded conflictions in my base.
Not social in the acceptable sense- or not yet.
The present I, the self aware 'me' says;
“Just wish you were gone off my couch
because you don't know me
and I just want to be a friend”
Which is hard when I'm naked
and you're hard
So it speaks to the vulnerability of friendships.
Friends that end,
up in bed together.
Friends that just end.
Because my life softly speaks of a stream where I glide on,
ambling down the babbling brook- Leaves- mud- stones,
all to be overlooked Some stick- some stay- some fade-
others play.
And I am “okay” are you “okay?”
Are you “alright?”
Did you find a way?
Did you find the way?
But are you a hero?
Tiny parts of a larger whole,
And I find now that with the wind- it blows over my thin soul.
The politics of sound.
The politics of… I told you (so)
you were important I chose not to say to me and that's important.
Because to someone you are important.
Just not to me.
But are you honest?
See it's the spine that's heavy these days.
And I swear that there are tiny people behind those eyes,
how couldn't their be?
Only doing best at the prospect of someone watching.
So does that make you a hero?
You could tell that one of us would be bleeding.
But are you loosing yourself also?
And if you really are a hero, It doesn't matter anyways…
I have a hard time with 'reality'

title: If only I could express my heart outside of poetry
{
We are probably not people either 
If you date me, 
My friends will be 
so surprised 
Because you are not the type of guy- 
That sulks over murky art- of river beds- of dead little flowers- 
chastising the use of white as "unoriginal" or too "cliché” 

You are the type that sees things as whole- not broken fragmented pieces- 

They will be surprised when I smile as your name floats from my tongue 

You are someone I let read a divine letter out loud, between my legs. 
You are the opposite of broken and that's what scares me the most
}
title:Lungs
{
We can look in, look out- all about. 
Lungs to scream and shout- a heart that pouts, be sure to wash your mouth... Out. 

We can look in, look out- but don't ever think of feeling, of touching- embracing a warm caress. 
Keeping up appearances- couldn't hear since. 
Plucked a feather from a bird, a petal from a blossom.

A show of force in the most passive form, idealized love. 

How does it sound when the seams rip?
How does it sound moving from left to right and back over again- the parties just starting but I don't want another drink. 
Toast to me my dear, toast to me. 

You cannot take you cannot break- all this potential love to be held at your finger tips. 

You will not know, will not ever know just how far I am willing to go. 
You can look in look out- but never have a helpful doubt. 
So this is what you were looking for- broken plates with shards at your feet, pictures distorted and blinds all crooked. 
Wall paper peeling and paint chipped off the door frames- door fallen off it's hinges- a beautiful state to call home. 

There was a sadness in you lifted by the crooks of a distant smile- on the other side of the window.
From a safe distance: admiring from a far- glass castle ceilings and you would never share your feelings. 

Over looked and unsure. 
Specks of dust fall over book covers, 
you my lover will never be opened, 
you my lover I will never be open to. 

Green grass grows, on the opposite path; that road less travelled- the one I did not take for heavens sake- that was my mistake. 

Turning back over the stones out of place- life is just so. 
Everything just so. 
Yet you give and you give- from your limbs to your finger tips- all that you have and the clothes on your back- everything you have and everything after. 
Stripped down your skin to make me fit in. 
Naked you stood- and I with no clothing but my mind to mask my intentions. 
Who's face is it that you see when you peer in the stream. 
What voice whispers a way when you look deep within- from the wrong side. 
But We can always look in, look out, all about- have lungs to scream and shout. 

A heart that will always pout. Never to have the right words to yell out. 
}

